h1. Compiling NxOgre from the Git repository

The Git repository is Betajaen's public copy of the working code of NxOgre. It is the most recent code published, and it being so recent hasn't been tested so much. 

If you can't live on the edge then the "latest release":http://nxogre.org/compiling_nxogre_from_a_release is for you, otherwise game on.

h2. Checklist

Before you install NxOgre go through this checklist

* "Install the PhysX SystemSoftware":http://nxogre.org/installing_the_physx_system_software
* "Install the PhysX SDK":http://nxogre.org/installing_the_physx_sdk
* "Create the environmental variable for the PhysX SDK":http://nxogre.org/environmental_variable_for_physx

h2. Installation Instructions

# Go to the latest commit on "Github":http://github.com/betajaen/nxogre/tree/master
# Click on the download link
# Then click on zip archive to download it to your computer
# Uncompress the contents of the archive to your development directory i.e. @c:/dev/@
# The folder name of NxOgre will be a bit strange ex. @betajaen-nxogre-8b032dd34625b7ebda0c343e8f98210e6a8354a5@ rename it to @NxOgre@ to have it a bit more meaning.

h2. Compile it.

Currently the Git versions has the build solutions for Visual Studio 2005 and Visual Studio 2008.

# Goto @c:/dev/NxOgre/build/msvc/@
# Double click on the solution to your IDE.
# Compile the NxOgre project

If you have any problems. 

* Make sure you've gone through all steps of all the items in the checklist. 
* Check of the "forums":http://nxogre.org/forums for anyone else having your problems.
* Make a post asking for help.