p(d). The fluid class represents the main module for the particle based fluid simulation.
SPH (Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics) is used to animate the particles.

There are two kinds of particle interaction forces which govern the behaviour of the fluid:

*Pressure*
These forces result from particle densities higher than the "rest density" of the fluid.
The rest density is given by specifying the inter-particle distance at which the fluid is in its relaxed state.
Particles which are closer than the rest spacing are pushed away from each other. =:
*Viscosity*
These forces act on neighboring particles depending on the difference of their velocities.
Particles drag other particles with them which is used to simulate the viscous behaviour of the fluid. =:

The fluid class manages a set of particles. Particles can be created in two ways:

* Particles can be added by the user directly.
* The user can add emitters to the fluid and configure the parameters of the emission. (See FluidEmitter)

Particles can be removed in two ways as well:
* The user can specify a lifetime for the particles.  When its lifetime expires, a particle is deleted.
* Shapes can be configured to act as drains.  When a particle intersects with a drain, the particle is deleted. (See Enums::ShapeFlags)

Particles collide with static and dynamic shapes. Particles are also affected by the scene gravity and a user force,
as well as global velocity damping.  In order to render a fluid, the user can supply the fluid instance with a
user buffer into which the particle state is written after each simuation step.

For a good introduction to SPH fluid simulation,
see http://graphics.ethz.ch/~mattmuel/publications/sca03.pdf


h2(fn function). <a name='advance'></a>advance

p(d). Causes the Fluid to call the renderable to redraw.


p(n). **Note** -- This method is called by the TimeController and never should be called by the user - without a good reason.


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|float __deltaTime__ | Time passed.|
|const Enums::Priority __priority__ | Time priority of the fluid.|


h2(fn function). <a name='getPhysXFluid'></a>getPhysXFluid

p(d). Get the pointer to the NxFluid instance.


p(n). **Note** -- This NxFluid is owned by the Fluid class, do not delete or destroy the pointer.


h3. Return

p(r). **NxFluid** * -- the NxFluid instance


h3(t). Traits

* Use PhysX classes as arguments or as a return value


h2(fn function). <a name='getRenderable'></a>getRenderable

p(d). Get the renderable of the Fluid.


h3. Return

p(r). **Renderable** * -- The renderable pointer.


