h2(fn constructor). <a name='ClothDescription constructor'></a>ClothDescription constructor

p(d). Calls ClothDescription::reset.


h2(fn variable). <a name='mAttachmentResponseCoefficient'></a>mAttachmentResponseCoefficient

p(d). Defines a factor for the impulse transfer from cloth to attached rigid bodies.
default.
0.2
range.
[0,1]
type.
Real


h2(fn variable). <a name='mAttachmentTearFactor'></a>mAttachmentTearFactor

p(d). If the flag Enums::ClothAttachmentTearable is set in the attachment method of NxCloth,
this variable defines the elongation factor that causes the attachment to tear.
default.
1.5
range.
(1,inf)
type.
Real


h2(fn variable). <a name='mBendingStiffness'></a>mBendingStiffness

p(d). Stretching stiffness of the cloth
default.
1.0
type.
Real
range.
(0,1)


h2(fn variable). <a name='mCollisionGroup'></a>mCollisionGroup

p(d). Which collision group this cloth is part of.
range.
[0, 31]
default.
0
type.
GroupIdentifier


h2(fn variable). <a name='mCollisionResponseCoefficient'></a>mCollisionResponseCoefficient

p(d). Defines a factor for the impulse transfer from cloth to colliding rigid bodies.
default.
0.2
range.
[0,inf)
type.
Real


h2(fn variable). <a name='mDampingCoefficient'></a>mDampingCoefficient

p(d). Damping coefficent
default.
0.5
type.
Real
range.
(0,1)


h2(fn variable). <a name='mDensity'></a>mDensity

p(d). Density of the cloth
default.
1.0
type.
Real


h2(fn variable). <a name='mExternalAcceleration'></a>mExternalAcceleration

p(d). External acceleration which affects all non attached particles of the cloth.

default.
Vec3::ZERO
type.
Vec3


h2(fn variable). <a name='mFlags'></a>mFlags

p(d). Flag bits.
default.
ClothFlags_Gravity
type.
unsigned int
// or
ClothDescription desc;


h3(e). Example

bc.. ClothDescription desc;


p. &nbsp;

h2(fn variable). <a name='mForceFieldMaterial'></a>mForceFieldMaterial

p(d). Force Field Material Index.
default.
0
type.
GroupIdentifier


h2(fn variable). <a name='mFriction'></a>mFriction

p(d). Friction
default.
0.5
type.
Real
range.
(0,1)


h2(fn variable). <a name='mFromFluidResponseCoefficient'></a>mFromFluidResponseCoefficient

p(d). Defines a factor for the impulse transfer from colliding fluids to this cloth.
default.
1.0
range.
[0,inf)
type.
Real


p(n). **Note** -- Large values can cause instabilities


h2(fn variable). <a name='mGlobalPose'></a>mGlobalPose

p(d). Global pose of the cloth
default.
Matrix44::IDENTITY
type.
Matrix44


h2(fn variable). <a name='mGroupsMask'></a>mGroupsMask

p(d). Which collision group this cloth is part of.
range.
[0, 31]
default.
0
type.
GroupIdentifier


h2(fn variable). <a name='mMesh'></a>mMesh

p(d). Mesh to be used by the cloth.
type.
Mesh*


h2(fn variable). <a name='mMinAdhereVelocity'></a>mMinAdhereVelocity

p(d). If the  Enums::ClothAttachmentAdhere flag is set the cloth moves partially in the frame of the attached actor.

p. This feature is useful when the cloth is attached to a fast moving character.
In that case the cloth adheres to the shape it is attached to while only
velocities below the parameter minAdhereVelocity are used for secondary effects.

default.
1.0
range.
[0,inf)
type.
Real


h2(fn variable). <a name='mName'></a>mName

p(d). Optional name of the Cloth
default.
BLANK_STRING
type.
String


h2(fn variable). <a name='mRelativeGridSpacing'></a>mRelativeGridSpacing

p(d). This parameter defines the size of grid cells for collision detection.

The cloth is represented by a set of world aligned cubical cells in broad phase.
The size of these cells is determined by multiplying the length of the diagonal
of the AABB of the initial cloth size with this constant.

default.
0.25
type.
[0.01, inf)


h2(fn variable). <a name='mSolverIterations'></a>mSolverIterations

p(d). Number of solver iterations.

default.
5
range.
[1,inf)
type.
unsigned int


p(n). **Note** -- Small numbers make the simulation faster while the cloth gets less stiff.


h2(fn variable). <a name='mTearFactor'></a>mTearFactor

p(d). Tear Factor
default.
1.0
range.
[0,inf)
type.
Real


h2(fn variable). <a name='mThickness'></a>mThickness

p(d). Thickness of the cloth
default.
0.01
type.
Real


h2(fn variable). <a name='mToFluidResponseCoefficient'></a>mToFluidResponseCoefficient

p(d). Defines a factor for the impulse transfer from this cloth to colliding fluids.
default.
1.0
range.
[0,inf)
type.
Real


p(n). **Note** -- Large values can cause instabilities


h2(fn variable). <a name='mValidBounds'></a>mValidBounds

p(d). If the flag flag Enums::ClothFlags_HasBounds is set, this variable defines the volume
outside of which cloth particle are automatically removed from the simulation.
default.
Bounds3()
type.
Bounds3


h2(fn variable). <a name='mWakeUpCounter'></a>mWakeUpCounter

p(d). Maximum linear velocity at which cloth can go to sleep.
range.
[0, inf)
default.
0.4
type.
Vec3


h2(fn variable). <a name='mWindAcceleration'></a>mWindAcceleration

p(d). Acceleration which acts normal to the cloth surface at each vertex.

default.
Vec3::ZERO
type.
Vec3


h2(fn function). <a name='reset'></a>reset

p(d). Resets everything to their default values, and pointers are set to NULL.


h2(fn function). <a name='valid'></a>valid

p(d). Returns if the variables are in a valid range or not


