p(d). Actor is a dynamic (moving) RigidBody, that can collide with SceneGeometries and KinematicActors.

p. It is normal to inherit from the Actor to support visualisation in a RenderSystem, broadly
speaking any class that inherits the Actor class is called a *Body*.

p. Actors uses RigidBodyDescriptions to create it's properities as well as a Matrix44 pose, a *Shape*
or group of *Shapes*. The RigidBodyDescription is required to have a mass is at least zero, or otherwise
a density of at least zero - but not both.



h3(e). Example

bc.. RigidBodyDescription description;
description.mMass = 15.0f; // 15 kg

Actor* actor = mScene->createActor(shape, pose, description);



p. &nbsp;

h3(s). See

p(s). RigidBody

h2(fn function). <a name='computeKineticEnergy'></a>computeKineticEnergy

p(d). Computes the total kinetic (rotational and translational) energy of the actor.



h3. Return

p(r). Real -- The total kinetic energy of the actor.


h2(fn function). <a name='getAngularDamping'></a>getAngularDamping

p(d). Retrieves the angular damping coefficient.


h3. Return

p(r). Real -- Current angular damping


h2(fn function). <a name='getAngularMomentum'></a>getAngularMomentum

p(d). Retrieves the angular momentum (angular velocity * global space inertia) of an actor.



h3. Return

p(r). Vec3 - angular momentum of the Actor.


h2(fn function). <a name='getAngularVelocity'></a>getAngularVelocity

p(d). Retrieves the angular velocity of an actor.


h3. Return

p(r). Vec3 -- Current angular velocity


h2(fn function). <a name='getCCDMotionThreshold'></a>getCCDMotionThreshold

p(d). Retrieves the CCD Motion threshold for this actor.


h3. Return

p(r). Real - Motion threshold


h2(fn function). <a name='getCMassLocalPose'></a>getCMassLocalPose

p(d). Get the center of mass as a global orientation


h3. Return

p(r). Matrix33 -- Global COM orientation


h2(fn function). <a name='getClassType'></a>getClassType

p(d). Get a class type identifier of this class


h3. Return

p(r). unsigned int - The class type


h2(fn function). <a name='getCompartment'></a>getCompartment

p(d). Retrieves the actor's simulation compartment, if any.


h3. Return

p(r). Compartment* -- The Actors compartment, or *NULL*.


h2(fn function). <a name='getContactReportFlags'></a>getContactReportFlags

p(d). Retrieves the actor's contact report flags.


h3. Return

p(r). Actor contact report flags


h2(fn function). <a name='getContactReportThreshold'></a>getContactReportThreshold

p(d). Retrieves the force threshold for contact reports.


h3. Return

p(r). Real -- The force threshold


h2(fn function). <a name='getDominanceGroup'></a>getDominanceGroup

p(d). Retrieves the value set with setDominanceGroup().



h3. Return

p(r). GroupIdentifier -- The dominance actorGroup the Actor belongs too.


h2(fn function). <a name='getForceFieldMaterial'></a>getForceFieldMaterial

p(d). Retrieves the actor's force field material index.


h3. Return

p(r). unsigned short -- Force field material index.


h2(fn function). <a name='getGlobalInertiaTensor'></a>getGlobalInertiaTensor

p(d). Retrieves the inertia tensor of the actor relative to the world coordinate frame.


h3. Return

p(r). Matrix33 -- Inertia Tensor


h2(fn function). <a name='getGlobalInertiaTensorInverse'></a>getGlobalInertiaTensorInverse

p(d). Retrieves the inverse of the inertia tensor of the actor relative to the world coordinate frame.


h3. Return

p(r). Matrix33 -- Inverse Inertia Tensor


h2(fn function). <a name='getGlobalOrientation'></a>getGlobalOrientation

p(d). Get the global orientation of the Actor.


h3. Return

p(r). Quat -- The global pose of the Actor.


h2(fn function). <a name='getGlobalPose'></a>getGlobalPose

p(d). Get the global pose of the Actor.


h3. Return

p(r). Matrix44 -- The global pose of the Actor.


h2(fn function). <a name='getGlobalPosition'></a>getGlobalPosition

p(d). Get the global position of the Actor.


h3. Return

p(r). Matrix44 -- The global pose of the Actor.


h2(fn function). <a name='getGroup'></a>getGroup

p(d). Retrieves the value set with setGroup()


h3. Return

p(r). GroupIdentifier -- The actorGroup the Actor belongs too.


h2(fn function). <a name='getLinearDamping'></a>getLinearDamping

p(d). Retrieves the linear damping coefficient.


h3. Return

p(r). Real -- Current linear damping


h2(fn function). <a name='getLinearMomentum'></a>getLinearMomentum

p(d). Retrieves the linear momentum (velocity * mass) of an actor.



h3. Return

p(r). Vec3 - Linear momentum of the Actor.


h2(fn function). <a name='getLinearVelocity'></a>getLinearVelocity

p(d). Retrieves the linear velocity of an actor.


h3. Return

p(r). Vec3 -- Current linear velocity


h2(fn function). <a name='getMass'></a>getMass

p(d). Retrieves the mass of the actor.
return Real -- Mass of the actor.


h2(fn function). <a name='getMassSpaceInertiaTensor'></a>getMassSpaceInertiaTensor

p(d). Retrieves the diagonal inertia tensor of the actor relative to the mass coordinate frame.


h3. Return

p(r). Vec3 -- Mass Space Inertia tensor


h2(fn function). <a name='getMaxAngularVelocity'></a>getMaxAngularVelocity

p(d). Retrieves the maximum angular velocity permitted for this actor.


h3. Return

p(r). Real -- The maximum allowed angular velocity for this actor.


h2(fn function). <a name='getName'></a>getName

p(d). Get the name of the Actor or *BLANK_STRING*


h3. Return

p(r). String -- The name of the Actor


h2(fn function). <a name='getNbShapes'></a>getNbShapes

p(d). Returns the number of *Shape*s assigned to the actor.


h3. Return

p(r). unsigned int -- Number of shapes assigned to the actor.


h2(fn function). <a name='getSolverIterationCount'></a>getSolverIterationCount

p(d). Retrieves the solver iteration count.


h3. Return

p(r). unsigned int -- Solver iteration count for the actor.


h2(fn function). <a name='linearSweep'></a>linearSweep

p(d). Performs a linear sweep through space with the actor's shape(s).



h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|const Vec3& __motion__ | Motion to sweep|
|unsigned int __sweep__ _ __flags__ | Sweep Flags, see *Enums::SweepFlags*|
|unsigned int __size__ | Maximum shapes to sweep through|
|SweepQueryHits& | Hits found once swept.|
|SweepCache* | Sweeping Cache to perform any future linearSweeps with this actor.|
||


h3. Return

p(r). unsigned int -- Number of SweepHits


h2(fn function). <a name='resetPairFiltering'></a>resetPairFiltering

p(d). Reset the user actor pair filtering state for this actor. This will cause filtering callbacks
to be called again for any pairs involving this actor. Use this method when you wish to change
the filtering policy of an actor that may already be in contact with other actors.


h2(fn function). <a name='setAngularDamping'></a>setAngularDamping

p(d). Sets the angular (angular movement) damping coefficient.


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|Real __angDamp__ | New angular damping|


h2(fn function). <a name='setAngularMomentum'></a>setAngularMomentum

p(d). Sets the angular momentum of the actor.



p(n). **Note** -- That if you continuously set the angular momentum of an actor yourself,forces such as gravity or friction will not be able to manifest themselves, because forces directly
influence only the velocity/momentum of a actor.


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|const Vec3& __angMoment__ | New angular momentum|


h3(t). Traits

* **Sleeping** Wakes the actor up automatically.


h2(fn function). <a name='setAngularVelocity'></a>setAngularVelocity

p(d). Sets the angular velocity of the actor.


p(n). **Note** -- That if you continuously set the velocity of an actor yourself, forces such
as gravity or friction will not be able to manifest themselves, because forces
directly influence only the velocity/momentum of an actor.


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|const Vec3& __angVel__ | New angular velocity of the actor.|


h3(t). Traits

* **Sleeping** Wakes the actor up automatically.


h2(fn function). <a name='setCCDMotionThreshold'></a>setCCDMotionThreshold

p(d). Sets the CCD Motion Threshold.

p. If CCD is globally enabled, it is still skipped for bodies
which have no point on any of their shapes moving more than CCDMotionThreshold distance in
one time step.

p. Hence, CCD is always performed if the threshold is 0.

p. The actor must be dynamic and the CCD motion threshold must be non-negative.



h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|Real __thresh__ | CCD Motion threshold|


h2(fn function). <a name='setCMassGlobalOrientation'></a>setCMassGlobalOrientation

p(d). Set the center of mass


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|const Matrix33& __orientation__ | New COM orientation|


h3(t). Traits

* **Sleeping** Wakes the actor up automatically.


h2(fn function). <a name='setCMassGlobalPose'></a>setCMassGlobalPose

p(d). Set the center of mass


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|const Matrix44& __pose__ | New COM pose|


h3(t). Traits

* **Sleeping** Wakes the actor up automatically.


h2(fn function). <a name='setCMassGlobalPosition'></a>setCMassGlobalPosition

p(d). Set the center of mass


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|const Vec3& __position__ | New COM position|


h3(t). Traits

* **Sleeping** Wakes the actor up automatically.


h2(fn function). <a name='setCMassOffsetGlobalOrientation'></a>setCMassOffsetGlobalOrientation

p(d). Set the center of mass offset


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|const Matrix33& __orientation__ | New COM orientation|


h3(t). Traits

* **Sleeping** Wakes the actor up automatically.


h2(fn function). <a name='setCMassOffsetGlobalPose'></a>setCMassOffsetGlobalPose

p(d). Set the center of mass offset


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|const Matrix44& __pose__ | New COM pose|


h3(t). Traits

* **Sleeping** Wakes the actor up automatically.


h2(fn function). <a name='setCMassOffsetGlobalPosition'></a>setCMassOffsetGlobalPosition

p(d). Set the center of mass offset


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|const Vec3& __position__ | New COM position|


h3(t). Traits

* **Sleeping** Wakes the actor up automatically.


h2(fn function). <a name='setCMassOffsetLocalOrientation'></a>setCMassOffsetLocalOrientation

p(d). Set the center of mass offset


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|const Matrix33& __orientation__ | New COM orientation|


h3(t). Traits

* **Sleeping** Wakes the actor up automatically.


h2(fn function). <a name='setCMassOffsetLocalPose'></a>setCMassOffsetLocalPose

p(d). Set the center of mass offset


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|const Matrix44& __pose__ | New COM pose|


h3(t). Traits

* **Sleeping** Wakes the actor up automatically.


h2(fn function). <a name='setCMassOffsetLocalPosition'></a>setCMassOffsetLocalPosition

p(d). Set the center of mass offset


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|const Vec3& __position__ | New COM position|


h3(t). Traits

* **Sleeping** Wakes the actor up automatically.


h2(fn function). <a name='setContactReportFlags'></a>setContactReportFlags

p(d). Sets the actor's contact report flags.


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|unsigned int __flags__ | New contact report flags.|


h2(fn function). <a name='setContactReportThreshold'></a>setContactReportThreshold

p(d). Sets the force threshold for contact reports.


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|Real __threshold__ | New force threshold|


h2(fn function). <a name='setDominanceGroup'></a>setDominanceGroup

p(d). Assigns dynamic actors a dominance group identifier.


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|GroupIdentifier __dominanceGroup__ | The domninance actorGroup for the Actor to be assigned to.|


h3(t). Traits

* **Sleeping** Wakes the actor up automatically.


h2(fn function). <a name='setForceFieldMaterial'></a>setForceFieldMaterial

p(d). Sets the actor's force field material index


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|unsigned short __material__ | New forcefield material to use.|


h2(fn function). <a name='setGlobalOrientation'></a>setGlobalOrientation

p(d). Set's the global orientation of the Actor.


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|const Matrix33& __orientation__ | New Actor orientation.|


h2(fn function). <a name='setGlobalOrientationQuat'></a>setGlobalOrientationQuat

p(d). Set's the global orientation of the Actor.


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|const Quat& __orientation__ | New Actor orientation.|


h2(fn function). <a name='setGlobalPose'></a>setGlobalPose

p(d). Set the global pose of the Actor


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|const Matrix44& __globalPose__ | New Actor pose.|


h2(fn function). <a name='setGlobalPosition'></a>setGlobalPosition

p(d). Set's the global position of the Actor.


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|const Vec3& __position__ | New Actor position.|


h2(fn function). <a name='setGroup'></a>setGroup

p(d). Assigns the actor to a user defined group of rigid bodies.


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|GroupIdentifier _actorGroup_ | The actorGroup for the Actor to be assigned to.|


h3(t). Traits

* **Sleeping** Wakes the actor up automatically.


h2(fn function). <a name='setLinearDamping'></a>setLinearDamping

p(d). Sets the linear (translational movement) damping coefficient.


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|Real __linDamp__ | New linear damping|


h2(fn function). <a name='setLinearMomentum'></a>setLinearMomentum

p(d). Sets the linear momentum of the actor.



p(n). **Note** -- That if you continuously set the linear momentum of an actor yourself,forces such as gravity or friction will not be able to manifest themselves, because forces directly
influence only the velocity/momentum of a actor.


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|const Vec3& __linMoment__ | New linear momentum|


h3(t). Traits

* **Sleeping** Wakes the actor up automatically.


h2(fn function). <a name='setLinearVelocity'></a>setLinearVelocity

p(d). Sets the linear velocity of the actor.


p(n). **Note** -- That if you continuously set the velocity of an actor yourself, forces such
as gravity or friction will not be able to manifest themselves, because forces
directly influence only the velocity/momentum of an actor.


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|const Vec3& __linVel__ | New linear velocity of the actor.|


h3(t). Traits

* **Sleeping** Wakes the actor up automatically.


h2(fn function). <a name='setMass'></a>setMass

p(d). Set the mass of the Actor


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|Real __mass__ | New mass of the Actor|


h3(t). Traits

* **Sleeping** Does **not** wake the actor up automatically.


h2(fn function). <a name='setMassSpaceInertiaTensor'></a>setMassSpaceInertiaTensor

p(d). Sets the inertia tensor, using a parameter specified in mass space coordinates.


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|const Vec3& __tensor__ | New Mass Space Inertia Tensor|


h3(t). Traits

* **Sleeping** Does **not** wake the actor up automatically.


h2(fn function). <a name='setMaxAngularVelocity'></a>setMaxAngularVelocity

p(d). Lets you set the maximum angular velocity permitted for this actor.

p. Because for various internal computations, very quickly rotating actors introduce error
into the simulation, which leads to undesired results.

p. However, because some actors, such as car wheels, should be able to rotate quickly, you can override the default setting
on a per-actor basis with the below call. Note that objects such as wheels which are approximated with spherical or
other smooth collision primitives can be simulated with stability at a much higher angular velocity than, say, a box that
has corners.



p(n). **Note** -- The angular velocity is clamped to the set value _before_ the solver, which means that
the limit may still be momentarily exceeded.



h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|Real __maxAngVel__ | Max allowable angular velocity for actor|


h2(fn function). <a name='setSolverIterationCount'></a>setSolverIterationCount

p(d). Sets the solver iteration count for the actor.


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|unsigned int _iterCount_ | New Solver iteration count.|


h2(fn function). <a name='updateMassFromShapes'></a>updateMassFromShapes

p(d). Recomputes a dynamic actor's mass properties from its shapes

p. Given a constant density or total mass, the actors mass properties can be recomputed
using the shapes attached to the actor.

p. The mass of each shape is either the shape's local density (default 1.0)  multiplied by the shape's volume
or a directly specified shape mass.

p. The inertia tensor, mass frame and center of mass will always be recomputed. If there are no
shapes in the actor, the mass will be totalMass, and the mass frame will be set to the center
of the actor.

p. If you supply a non-zero total mass, the actor's mass and inertia will first be computed as
above and then scaled to fit this total mass.

p. If you supply a non-zero density, the actor's mass and inertia will first be computed as above
and then scaled by this factor.



p(n). **Note** -- Either totalMass or density must be non-zero.


h3. Arguments

|_. Argument|_. Description|
|float __density__ | Density scale factor of the shapes belonging to the actor|
|float __totalMass__ | Total mass of the actor(or zero)|


h3. Return

p(r). bool -- True if succesful


